W-11999648 update overview to standard bsj (#79)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/afm-getting-started.adoc

= Getting Started with API Functional Monitoring

> After you become familiar with the API Functional Monitoring UI and concepts covered in the xref:index.adoc[API Functional Monitoring Overview], you are ready to get started monitoring your APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you become familiar with the API Functional Monitoring UI and concepts covered in the xref:index.adoc[API Functional Monitoring Overview], you are ready to start monitoring your APIs.
```

|View Environment |Log in using BAT CLI
|View Organization |Use Secrets Manager through BAT CLI
|Exchange Contributor (Exchange)| Create or modify a monitor; add or modify a schedule
|Exchange Administrator (Exchange)| Create, modify, or delete a monitor; add, modify, or delete a schedule 
|Grant access to secrets (Secrets Manager) |Use Secrets Manager
|=======================

== Monitor Your APIs Using the Functional Monitoring UI

To monitor your APIs in Functional Monitoring:

. xref:afm-create-monitor.adoc[Create monitors] for the APIs that you want to test. This includes:
+
* Adding locations and schedules 
* Configuring tests for the API endpoints
* Setting notifications through reporting tools

. xref:afm-view-test-history.adoc[View monitor history].

== Monitor Your APIs Using BAT CLI

To monitor your APIs using BAT CLI:

. xref:bat-install-task.adoc[Install BAT CLI]. 

. Create a test suite xref:bat-example-test-suite.adoc[from an example] or by xref:bat-start-new-project.adoc[populating the lines yourself].

. xref:bat-write-tests-task[Write tests] using BDD test-writing syntax.

. xref:bat-execute-task.adoc[Run a test suite].

> . xref:bat-schedule-test-task.adoc[Scheduling testing and monitoring].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. xref:bat-schedule-test-task.adoc[Schedule testing and monitoring].
```
